As a young woman leaves the gym, she is stalked
by a stranger. The man then confronts her,
places a bag over her head and attacks her.
What happens next? Who is this kidnapper? This
is Movie Shortens. Follow us today to a movie
titled: 10x10. Be aware: there are spoilers!
As the movie begins, we see a stern-faced
man named Lewis sitting in a cafe across from
Cathy’s shop. Cathy opens her business serving
some customers before coming to the eatery.
She gives the waiter some flowers, in a familiar
and friendly kind of way. She takes a seat and
Lewis leaves walking right past her. She is
completely oblivious to his presence.
Later, Lewis follows Cathy’s SUV to
the parking lot of a Fitness centre.
Cathy heads in to join a yoga class. During the
class she appears to be in a meditative state,
not present and needs to be stirred by
the teacher, bringing her back to reality.
Meanwhile, Lewis peers into her vehicle, clearly
preparing himself for some kind of action. A gun
is seen resting on the passenger’s seat.
As Cathy leaves the gym, he follows her to her
SUV, places a bag over her head and attacks her
from behind. She struggles but he threatens to
kill her if she screams. She attempts to alert
someone nearby, but music is playing too loud
so her attempts are thwarted. To suppress her
cries, Lewis places gaffer tape over her mouth.
He then binds her hands and feet. She is left on
the floor between her car and another vehicle.
A man approaches his car but enters from the
opposite side. He doesn’t see Cathy lying
there on the ground. As the car drives
away, vacating its space, Lewis pulls up
alongside her and dumps her into his trunk.
When they arrive at Lewis’ remote countryside
house, he props up his garage door using a broom.
He carries her into a pre-built soundproofed room,
her new dwelling. He tells her that no
one will be able to hear her screams
and asks her name. Upon removing the tape from her
mouth, she proceeds to cry out. Lewis leaves her
there and leaves the room. He conceals the room
by pulling across a false wall and placing a vase
on a table just outside of the room.
Once in his living room, he is able to
access the audio from Cathy’s room. He begins
loading a handgun the heads back to elicit
more information from his new prisoner. He
becomes frustrated as she is unwilling to
provide any additional information.
He begins mopping up the blood left from
dragging Cathy into the room. In the room,
Cathy is struggling to free her hands and feet,
which remain bound. Lewis begins preparing
a meal by chopping a bell pepper.
Eventually Cathy is able to release herself,
passing her hands under her legs. When he
returns she surprises Lewis, striking him
and then attempting to escape. Just outside,
she finds the vase hitting him over the head with
it, but her plan to leave is short lived.
Soon after, Cathy makes it to the living area
attempting to call the police but Lewis shoots
at the phone, stopping her efforts. She is able to
grab a knife cutting the bind around her ankles.
She also finds her smartphone which has
no signal but she keeps it just in case.
Next, she begins to inch her way towards Lewis
holding the knife but Lewis seems unfazed.
He continues calmly eating, telling her that
a gun is more powerful than a knife.
He invites her to take a seat. Once again,
he asks her name. Angered by her answer,
he smashes a plate of food in her face. A struggle
ensues, during which he is cut on his forearm.
He is still able to get her back to her cell
despite his injury. Just then, we see a car
pull up in the driveway. Just seconds after he has
locked her inside, Alondra, Lewis’ cleaner enters
the house. She seems clearly concerned about the
broken plate, signs of a struggle and the cut on
Lewis’s arm. He tells her that he is having a bad
day and that she should leave, which she does.
She tells him that she’ll be coming back
the following day with his daughter.
In the next significant scene, Lewis is
interrogating Cathy within the confines of
her sound proofed prison. Unsatisfied with her
answers, he continues pressing her to tell the
truth. Eventually we find out she is from Green
Bay, rather than Orange County as she had been
claiming. She was raised by a church as Lewis had
earlier suggested. Her sister, Cathy, committed
suicide and she had assumed her identity. The
suicide had been in response to an affair that
her father had, he was a football coach and
traveled a lot. Her real name is Nathalie. She
came from Charleston, leavins as she was one of a
few nurses implicated in 3 suspicious deaths.
Back in the living room, Lewis watches old
videos documenting the deaths he suspects
Nathalie of having been involved in. Each time
Lewis leaves her alone, Nathalie attempts to
reach the outside world using her smartphone. Tip
toeing she holds it as close to a vent as she can.
Eventually she gets through to 911. Although we
can hear both she and the operator, there is a
lot of interference in the phone, so it is unclear
as to whether they have heard her pleas for help.
She attempts to notify them of her kidnapping
by mentioning Lewis’ vehicle.
Lewis soon realizes she still has her smartphone,
so he runs in to retrieve it. Finding it in her
pocket, he smashes it to pieces using the butt
of his pistol. He then continuously accuses her
of the deaths at the Charleston hospital. She
continues to deny any involvement. Nathalie
maintains that she, along with the other nurses,
were acquitted. She asks him which one had been
his wife. He says it was Alana, and more light is
now shed on the circumstances around her death.
Her wedding ring was missing and her blood
was full of GHB, the date rape drug. One
of the other patients died of organ failure
despite having recently been medically cleared.
Lewis tells Cathy he knows she murdered his wife.
He says if she can’t give a reasonable explanation
as to why, she too will die.
Lewis returns to the living room and watches
some home videos. One of which is him cradling his
daughter. Another is of the whole family playing
in the snow and wishing their parents a happy
Thanksgiving. Inspired by the footage, he storms
back to Nathalie accusing her once more. She first
explains one of the victims had had two wives.
She says another jumped from a window
trying to get her husband imprisoned
for attempted murder. It seems that Nathalie is
now committed to revealing the truth. She had,
indeed, killed these three people believing
they deserved their fate. She claims his wife
had been cheating on him with a tall, handsome
man. This undoubtedly made her a sinner. She
believes it was Alana who was in the wrong.
Lewis clearly struggles to accept this. Later,
he replays footage of his wife sitting on their
sofa. He notices her look at her phone, which was
faced down, and then sees her canceling a call.
He repeatedly rewinds and replays the video,
pausing it on her expression after she looks at
the phone. He clearly now suspects it was a call
from a lover. Had she been cheating on him?
Lewis, struggling to deal with the emotions of the
day, goes for a drive. He takes his car to a lake
and gazes out. A police car pulls up alongside him
as two officers emerge. They ask for his license
and to look inside his trunk, they see Nathalie’s
shoes but nothing else of suspicion. He claims
they belong to his wife, which they believe,
leaving him alone. It seems that Nathalie’s
call to the police had indeed been heard.
During this time Nathalie has been using
a part of her phone’s casing, to scrape
away at the grouting in the floor. She is then
able to remove a triangular piece of the tile.
Upon his return, as Lewis is kneeling down
next to her, she uses this shard to stab him
in the shoulder. She again attempts to escape.
Their struggle continues in the living room,
during which Nathalie is able to grab the gun,
pointing it at Lewis. As she does this, Alondra
and his daughter, Summer, enter the house. Without
a second’s hesitation Nathalie shoots Alondra
then takes Summer as a hostage. During the
standoff, she tells Lewis that Summer is not
his biological daughter but is the product of
his wife’s affair. Lewis warns Nathalie that
everything she has said has been recorded.
Soon Summer is able to free herself,
biting Nathalie’s arm and fleeing towards
the cell. Lewis and Nathalie fight once more,
and Nathalie is left unconscious. Lewis quickly
grabs a hard drive containing the recordings. He
grabs Summer and they attempt to make their exit.
Just then, Summer notices that Nathalie is gone.
Nathalie confronts the two in the garage stabbing
Lewis in the leg. At one point, she is able to
pin him to the ground and she stands over him
with a pitchfork. He appears to be trapped, but
he forces the tool upwards, causing it to smash
Nathalie in the face, freeing himself. Eventually
she is captured once again as the garage door
suddenly falls down trapping her beneath it.
In the final sequence, Lewis embraces Summer and
we hear the sound of sirens approaching.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like this,
and don’t forget to turn on your notifications.
That really helps my channel. Thanks
for watching!